# Stocks Refractored
## Overview
In this challenge we took a look at stock prices for 2017 and 2018. At first I created a code that allowed me to take a certain amount of stocks and see how they faired over a certain amount of time. I went onto refractor my code to compare thousands of stocks to see if there would be any change. I was also told to check if there would be any change in the amount of time it took for the code to execute as well.
### Purpose
The purpose of this expirement was to compare certain stock prices vs the entire stock market for the years we were given. This allowed us to have a wider range of data so that our results could be more accurate.
## Analysis and Challenges
After completing this assignment and comparing both the 2017 and 2018 years we can see a significant change. In 2017 [Refractored 2017](module2.zip/Refractored%202017.png) we can see that Steve's return were almost all postive, but in 2018 it took a drasitic decline. For example AY's stock yielded a return of about 9% in 2017 but in 2018 it gave a return of -9%. Almost every stock that gave a postive return in 2017 went onto give a negative return in 2018. After refractoring the code we can see that it took a lot less time to run than our original attempt. For the original 2017 attempt the code ran for about .5 seconds, but after refractoring it ran for .10 seconds. The same result was given for 2018, the original code ran for .48 seconds, but the refractored ran for .09 seconds.
## Summary
After a long hard fought battle with trying to figure out how to structure my code I am glad to be finishing up this assingment. There were many advantages and disadvantages to refractoring our original code.
### Advantages vs Disadvantages 
Some advantages to refractoring code are the code becomes more extensible. We can use the refractored code to add more variables and functions to it which allows us to do more with the code. When you refractor a code it becomes newer, I like to think of it as an update. You still get all the original things but you also get the latest updated things as well. A major disadvantage of refractoring a code is the amount of time it takes. I spent days trying to figure out why my code was giving me problems when I figured it out it was almost time to submit the assignment. Without someone to look over the code you might make more mistakes than normal. Thats what ended up happening to me
### Pros and Cons 
Since we used the original VBA script to refractor there were a couple of pros and cons. The pros were that we had already been given a good portion of the code so we didn't need to spend unnecessary time building it from scratch. Using the original VBA script gave a sense of familiarity since we had already started playing around with it, so it made it easier to navigate through the code. I definitely had a lot of mistakes while refractoring the code but all in all it worked out.
